c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.dll.config
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.pdb
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.pdb
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.ArcGISOnline.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Asana.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Backlog.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Baidu.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.BattleNet.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Bitbucket.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Box.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Buffer.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Cosign.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DeviantArt.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Discord.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DoYouBuzz.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Dropbox.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.EVEOnline.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Fitbit.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Flickr.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Foursquare.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Geni.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GitHub.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Gitter.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GooglePlus.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.HealthGraph.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Imgur.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Instagram.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.LinkedIn.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.MyHeritage.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Onshape.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenID.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenIDBase.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Orcid.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.PayPal.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Reddit.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Salesforce.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Shopify.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Slack.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.SoundCloud.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Spotify.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.StackExchange.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Steam.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.TripIt.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Twitch.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Untappd.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Vimeo.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VisualStudio.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VKontakte.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Wargaming.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.WordPress.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\OWin.Security.Providers.WSO2.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Xing.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yahoo.dll
c:\users\joeldacuma\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yammer.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.dll.config
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\pacesetter.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.ArcGISOnline.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Asana.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Backlog.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Baidu.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.BattleNet.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Bitbucket.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Box.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Buffer.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Cosign.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DeviantArt.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Discord.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.DoYouBuzz.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Dropbox.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.EVEOnline.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Fitbit.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Flickr.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Foursquare.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Geni.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GitHub.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Gitter.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.GooglePlus.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.HealthGraph.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Imgur.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Instagram.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.LinkedIn.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.MyHeritage.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Onshape.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenID.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.OpenIDBase.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Orcid.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.PayPal.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Reddit.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Salesforce.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Shopify.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Slack.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.SoundCloud.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Spotify.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.StackExchange.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Steam.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.TripIt.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Twitch.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Untappd.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Vimeo.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VisualStudio.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.VKontakte.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Wargaming.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.WordPress.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\OWin.Security.Providers.WSO2.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Xing.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yahoo.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Owin.Security.Providers.Yammer.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\archive\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Prediction.v1_6.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Auth.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Prediction.v1_6.pdb
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Google.Apis.Prediction.v1_6.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\bin\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Users\JOELDACUMA\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\pacesetter\pacesetter\obj\Debug\pacesetter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
